# Change Log
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## v0.1.4-alpha - YYYY-MM-DD

### Changed
- Increased the timeout value for children redistribution task.
- Increased integration tests load by 10x to improve the reliability of the tests.
- Replaced vanilla :ets with cachex for local storage. This improved the reliability of the system
by preventing race conditions in some scenarios.

### Added
- Added custom identifier for local storage table.
- Transactions for synchronization append function to reduce possibility of
multiple processes writing to the same table keys at the same time.
- Locking process registry when doing bulk operations to prevent overwriting of the data.
- New hook `forwarded_migration` which is called when a process is migrated to another node
and the migration is forwarded to the new node where the startup is handled.

### Fixed
- Synchronization caused multiple nodes to reply to the caller. This caused anomalies in
integration tests.
- Node up and down handlers are no longer blocking operations for coordinator to avoid
timeout errors when handling large amount of processes.
- The child start responses we're in reverse order when single child was started on multiple nodes.
- Documentation hook keys were not correct and missing the `_hook` suffix.

## v0.1.3-alpha - 2023-11-05

Fixed bugs, code improvements, added more documentation, improved tests performance by reusing peer nodes.

### Changed
- Project description.
- All integration tests start static number of nodes which will be reused
rather than start new nodes for each test case. This improved the performance
of the test suites.
- Process registry dispatches `:registry_pid_insert_hook` no longer adds the child_spec
to the hook data but rather the child_id.
- Gossip protocol synchronizes only after all the initial synchronization data is
collected from all nodes. This improves the overall efficiency of the protocol.

### Added
- Redundancy strategy for replication now supports dynamic cluster size option.
This can be used to replicate process always on all nodes.
- Examples on how to register hooks.
- WorkerQueue process who's job is to execute jobs. It is used to prevent race conditions
and execute jobs in order.

### Fixed
- Process start/stop with binary child_id returned error when used with await/1 function.
- Fixed scenario where hub was shutdown but the running tasks we're trying to call
exiting processes.
- Dynamic quorum strategy was returning wrong quorum status in some cases.
- Fixed situtation where system was caught in a locked state for a moments due to race condition in the
state handling.
- Gossip protocol interval synchronization was not always taking the data that had the highest
timestamp.

## v0.1.2-alpha - 2023-10-17

Contains minor bugfixes and improvements.

### Changed
- `ProcessHub.child_spec/1` switched static `ProcessHub` id with dynamic child id.
- Improved existing unit tests.

### Added
- Hotswap strategy provides handover callbacks using macro.

### Fixed
- Added partition mode check ups before process startup or stopping. This can prevent some errors
where node moves to partition mode before the process starts or stops.

## v0.1.1-alpha - 2023-10-07

Elixir 1.13-1.15 support added.
Includes minor bugfixes, test fixes and documentation updates.

### Added
- Added GitHub Actions for automated testing.
- Made sure that `ProcessHub` is compatible with Elixir 1.13-1.15.
- Added example usage section to the documentation.

### Changed
- Updated `ProcessHub` documentation by adding a list of all available strategies.
- Removed unnecessary file .tool-version generated by asdf.

### Fixed
- README.md table of contents links fixed.
- Fixed `ProcessHub` await/1 function example code formatting.
- Fixed tests for elixir 1.15 & OTP 26
- Fixed test case which was failing in some cases due to async call being executed before.